
Now that the Grant project is coming to an end, I can say that I am proud of how the project is playing out. Throughout this project process, I have been able to stay consistent with my topic and ideas. 

Since my last project update, nothing has changed about my timeline at all. I am still keeping the idea of a Disney movie timeline that highlights the grossing statistics of each movie. I also still plan on creating a menu on the side of the timeline with different categories for different genres of Disney movies for ease of the users. 

At first when we started this project, I was nervous yet not nervous at the same time. I thought the project was going to be much simpler than it actually was but not necessarily in a bad way. My general understanding was simply that we were creating a Digital Humanities project on a topic of our choice. I did not realize the further steps we would need to take in order to complete the grant project and now much work truly went into it. 

Each step of the project was unique on its own. From creating a general topic proposal, to Environmental Scans, to Grant Narratives, I definitely underestimated the steps this project would contain. Most of these steps were very new to me. 

I had never done an Environmental Scan before and I was quite nervous in the beginning when it was first assigned. I expressed in my tweets how I had never written one before as well and how I was nervous about it. 

*PICTURE

After taking some and being provided with some examples I felt more comfortable with the new aspects that I was learning. It was really helpful to be provided with examples along the way through this project process because at times I really felt like I did not have a good grasp on what I needed to do. 

Overall, I felt like this project was very eye opening. I never knew how much effort and time went into applying and proposing a grant and I cannot imagine how difficult it may be to apply for one much larger or much more serious. 

I ended up really enjoying this project and I am glad we did it in multiple steps. By breaking the project down into multiple steps, not only was it less overwhelming, but I also felt like I could focus on each step individually to do it well as opposed to doing it all at once and missing key points or concepts. 

I definitely appreciate those who write grants now more than ever. I understand that this is a much more laborious and strategic process than I originally thought. I am glad I got the chance to be exposed to something like this because it was very eye opening and educational. I do not think I will be asking for a real grant any time soon, but if I find myself in the position, at least I know what I have to do in order to hopefully get one. 
